Fritz!Box: assign DNS real-time priority and block bypassing DNS traffic (#827)
pi-hole/docs: docs/routers/fritzbox.md

    * **Local domain name (optional):** Fritz!Box uses **fritz.box**

![Screenshot der Conditional Forwarding Einstellungen](../images/routers/conditional-forwarding.png)

## Optional: Increasing the priority of DNS requests

When the Internet connection is busy, DNS queries may only be processed with a long delay. This can be avoided in the Fritz!Box by adding DNS as a prioritized real-time application. If you have not already done so, first add "`DNS`" as a new application type under

``` plain
Internet/Filter/Lists -> Network Applications -> Add Network Application
```

with the properties

``` plain
Network application: DNS
Protocol: UDP
Source port: any
Destination port: 53
```

should be added.

This entry can then be added under

``` plain
Internet/Filter/Prioritization -> Real-time applications -> New rule
```

> Since all settings go through the Pi-hole, select this as the device to which the rule should apply. If you are unsure, "`All devices`" may also be useful selection here. As "`Network Application`" select the entry you just created "`DNS`".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your Pi-hole devices as the device to which the rule should apply. If you are unsure, "`All devices`" may also be useful selection here. As "`Network Application`" select the "`DNS`" entry you just created.
```

## Optional: Allow DNS queries only from the Pi-hole

After configuring the Pi-hole as the network's DNS server, the setup is complete. However, there is still a risk of clients trying to bypass your Pi-hole as network devices can connect directly to other, freely available, DNS servers on the Internet. However, this can be easily prevented by a suitable filter rule.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

!!! warning
    Some devices or applications use hard-coded DNS servers and won't work reliable if they can't be reached. If you observe such behavior you need to remove the affected device from the list of blocked devices. 
    
```

If not already present, create two access profiles (e.g. "`Standard`" and "`Unrestricted`") under

``` plain
Internet/Filters/Access Profiles -> Manage and Optimize Access Profiles
```

> In the profile "`Standard`" add the network application "`DNS`" created above under:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the profile "`Standard`" add the network application "`DNS`" (created above in `Optional: Increasing the priority of DNS requests`) under:
```

``` plain
Internet/Filter/Lists -> Network Applications -> Add Network Application
```

with the properties

``` plain
Network application: DNS
Protocol: UDP
Source port: any
Destination port: 53
```

and

``` plain
Network application: DNS
Protocol: TCP
Source port: any
Destination port: 53
```

This entry can then be added under

``` plain
Internet/Filter/Prioritization -> Real-time applications -> New rule
```

Select your Pi-hole as the device to which the rule should apply. If you are unsure, "`All devices`" may also be useful selection here. As "`Network Application`" select the "`DNS`" entry you just created.

## Optional: Allow DNS queries only from the Pi-hole

After configuring the Pi-hole as the network's DNS server, the setup is complete. However, there is still a risk of clients trying to bypass your Pi-hole as network devices can connect directly to other, freely available, DNS servers on the Internet. However, this can be easily prevented by a suitable filter rule.

!!! warning

>     Some devices or applications use hard-coded DNS servers and may not work as expected if they can't be reached. If you observe such behavior, you can easily remove the affected device from this filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some devices or applications use hard-coded DNS servers and may not work as expected if they can't  reach the desired DNS server. If you observe such behavior, you can easily remove the affected device from this filter.
```

If not already present, create two access profiles (e.g. "`Standard`" and "`Unrestricted`") under

``` plain
Internet/Filters/Access Profiles -> Manage and Optimize Access Profiles
```

> In the profile "`Standard`" add the network application "`DNS`" (created above in `Optional: Increasing the priority of DNS requests`) under:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the profile "`Standard`" add the network application "`DNS`" ([created above](/routers/fritzbox/#optional-increasing-the-priority-of-dns-requests)) under:
```
